Let's talk about some
interesting security concepts
around the Network Load Balancer.
The first one is the client IP preservation concept.
So the client IP addresses,
they're forwarded to the Network Load Balancer targets
but we have several options.
So the client talks to the Network Load Balancer
and of course the traffic goes to the EC2 instances.
It turns out that when client IP preservation is turned on
the EC2 instances
see the request coming from the source IP of the client
and not from the source IP of the NLB.
But when you disable it,
then the Network Load Balancer
becomes the client's IP address
for all incoming traffics.
So when do we have client IP preservation
and when don't we have client IP preservation?
Well, when you have a target
by instance ID or ECS task,
Client IP preservation will be enabled,
when you have targets by IP addresses for TCP traffic
and TLS is going to be disabled by default
and then when you have targets by IP address for UDP
and TCP_UDP, then it's going to be enabled by default.
So it's always enabled
except when you have IP address for TCP and TLS.
Now you can obviously change this thing
but you cannot disable it for targets by instance ID
and by IP address of UDP, TCP_UDP, okay?
So why is it important, this setting?
Well for security groups because, well
the Network Load Balancers
do not have associated security groups.
They just pass on the traffic
and the security is actually managed
at the target group level for your EC2 instances.
So if we have the client with a specific IP
and then we're going to want the client source
to go into our security group,
then we must allow the specific IP of the client.
And it turns out that the targets can only use IP,
the target security groups can only use IP level filtering.
They cannot use another security group
that we are used to when we do, for example,
EC2 to EC2 communication and so on.
So the client goes to the NLB
and then the traffic is forward to security group,
either with client IP preservation
or without client IP preservation.
So when we have a client IP preservation enabled,
what's happening is that
the app traffic is gonna be forwarded
directly into the EC2 instance itself
which sees the original traffic
coming from the IP of the client.
But then we'll still have health check type of traffic
coming from the Network Load Balancer
into your EC2 instances
and that traffic originates from the Network Load Balancer.
So your inbound rules for your security groups
is going to be from an application perspective.
You allow the client's IP
or the VPC CIDR where the client is.
This is going to be for app traffic.
And the second rule is to allow traffic from within your VPC
on the protocol of the health check
and the port range of the health check
to allow the Network Load Balancer to do health check.
So as you can see,
these two rules can have different sources
because one is coming from the client,
the other one is coming from the NLB.
Now if you disable client's IP preservation
then what do we have?
Well, the same traffic source is the Network Load Balancer
regardless if it's app traffic or health check,
which makes it easier to manage.
So the source in this time is the VPC CIDR.
So wherever your network low balancer is deployed.
And then the protocol is either the listener
or the health checks
which allows you to get both app traffic
and health checks coming from the NLB.
Of course, on top of target groups,
we also have network ACLs.
So how does that work?
Well say we have this kind of traffic
and it goes into an NLB that goes into security,
two EC2 instances.
We have a NACL on the NLB subnets
and we'll have a NACL on the private subnets
where your EC2 instances are.
So how do we have rules for inbound and outbound
for the NLB subnets NACL
and then of course the target subnets.
So for the inbound of the NLB subnets, what do we need?
We need to allow traffic from the client and the internet.
So we have the client's IP as a source
on the listener ports.
And then we want to also allow the health check traffic.
So anything on the VPC CIDR on a ephemeral port,
so wide port range, should be allowed for outbound.
We want to allow responses to the client and the internet.
So again, we'll have the client IP as a listener
but also we want to allow health check traffic.
This is the rules we have right here.
So either the health check port or a random port.
Now for the target subnet NACL,
we have the allowing client IP traffic from the internet.
So again, if you have client IP preservation
you do need to allow the client's IP
and the health check protocol.
And then on the way back, again, you want to allow responses
to the client because, well, the target traffic is gonna go
to the source IP that you received
from the client IP preservation.
So hopefully this shouldn't make sense
but it's good to specify
that network ACLs also must be properly updated
to take into account the client's IP preservation.
Now for troubleshooting,
if a registered target is not in service,
it could be because the health check is failing.
And so you need to make sure
that the target security group, for example,
does allow traffic on the health check port
and protocol from the NLB as we saw from before.
We can also look at the subnet NACLs
and in case the target is in service
but the requests are not rooted to targets, that's possible,
it's because the target security group
does not allow traffic.
And again, if we have client IP preservation,
you must allow traffic from your client IP addresses.
And if you have client's IP preservation disabled,
you must allow traffic
from the Network Load Balancer IP addresses.
And also you need to look at your target network targets
EC2 instances subnet NACL
to make sure that it does allow traffic.
And also you need to make sure you have enabled
the target AZ because
for every AZ your Network Load Balancer is going to run on.
You also need to enable that AZ.
Also, finally, if your EC2 instances are in a peer VPC,
then you cannot register them by instance ID
you must register them by IP addresses.
So it's quite a lot around the Network Load Balancer
for its security in the networking
but it can come handy at the exam for one question.
So I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.